Seer/ Fortune Teller/ Oracle
Each night, they can discover the real identity of a player. They must help the other villagers but discretely to not be found by werewolves.

Hunter
If they are killed by werewolves or eliminated by vote, they must immediately kill another player of their choice.

Cupid
The first night, Cupid chooses 2 players and make them fall in love, then becomes a villager. If one dies, the other dies too. A lover can't vote against the other lover. If the lovers are a villager and a werewolf, their objective changes; they must eliminate all the players except them.

Witch
She has two potions:
one to save the werewolves's victim
one to eliminate a player
She can only use each potion once during the game. She can use both[2] potions during the same night. She can save herself if she has been attacked by the werewolves on the first night.

Little Girl
The little girl can secretly look at the werewolves during their turn. If she is caught in the act, she dies instead of the victim. Because she will be scared to death, or depending on how you play the werewolves will kill her later on in the game. It is also possible for her to die immediately along with the victim and can not be saved.

Sheriff/Captain
This card is given to a player besides their card. They are elected by a vote. This player's vote counts for two instead of one. If they die, they will decide who will be the next Sheriff/Chief. The Sheriff/Chief can be of any role, including a werewolf.

Thief
If the thief is played, two cards more than the number of players need to be played. After each player receives a card, the two cards are put in the center of the table. The thief can, if he/she/they want to, during the first night, exchange his/her/their cards with one of those cards that he/she/they will play until the end of the game. If the two cards are werewolf, the thief has to take one of the two werewolf cards, until the end of the game.

new edition
The village idiot
If he is chosen by the village to be eliminated, he stays alive, but he cannot vote anymore.

The ancient
He can resist the first werewolf's attack, but if he is killed by the witch, the huntsman, or the villagers, the villagers lose their powers.

The scapegoat
If the village can't agree about whom to eliminate, the scapegoat is eliminated. Nevertheless, he can decide about who can vote the next day.

The savior
Each night, he can protect a player from being attack by the werewolves. He can protect himself, but he can't protect the same player two consecutive nights.

The pied piper
His objective is to charm all the players alive except him (he can't charm himself). Each night, he can charm two players that wake up and recognise with those of the nights before.

new edition
The white werewolf
His objective is to be the only survivor. He wakes up every night with the werewolves. But one night out of two, he wakes up and kills a werewolf.

The raven
Each night, he can choose a player that will have a penalty of two voices for the vote.

The pyromaniac
Once in the game, he can burn a building. If the owner of the building is the target of the werewolf's attack, the owner survives and the werewolf to the right of the owner dies instead.

new editionThe simple villager
On the two faces of the cards, there is the illustration of a simple villager. So, everybody knows that it's a simple villager.

The two sisters
They wake up on the night and exchange signs to decide of the decisions to take to save the village. They know who is her other sister and so can trust her.

The three brothers
The same thing as the two sisters, except they are three.

The angel
His objective is to be killed by the werewolves on the first night. If he doesn't, he becomes a simple villager. If he/she does die on the first night, they win against the other players.

The stuttering judge
Once in the game, he can decide that there is a second village's vote by a sign that he had shown to the animator during the first night.

The knight with the rusty sword
If he dies during the night, the first werewolf to his left dies the following morning.

The fox
Each night, he can choose three players. If in these three players, there is at least one werewolf, the animator gives the fox a positive sign and he preserves his power. But, if there aren't werewolves in these three players, the animator gives the fox a negative sign and he loses his power.

The bear tamer
If one of his two neighbours is a werewolf, the animator informs the bear tamer that he is next to a werewolf.

The actor
If the actor option is played, three extra cards are added more than the number of players, which won't be distributed. The actor can, during the three first nights, exchange his card with one of these three cards. After the third night, he becomes a simple villager.

The devoted servant
The devoted servant can, whenever during the game, exchange her card with the village vote's victim's. She plays this character until the end of the game.

The abominable sectarian
At the beginning of the game, the animator divides the players in two groups (for example: men/women). Its objective is to kill all the players of the other group than its.

The wild child
The wild child is a villager who, at the beginning of the game, chooses a player. If during the game this player dies, the wild child becomes a werewolf.

The dog wolf
At the beginning of the game, he can choose if he wants to be a simple villager or a werewolf.

The big bad wolf
It's a werewolf. But, until no wolf, wild child or dog wolf died, he wakes up again and eats another villager.

The vile father of wolves
It's a werewolf. Once in the game, he can transform the werewolves's victim into a werewolf. This one preserves his powers.

